[Music]
are you welcome to New York welcome to
New York
[Music]
good morning from New York which
favorite place to grow breakfast it's a
very large breakfast with a lot of
Magnus pancakes and it's already 12 p.m.
so 0pi had a really busy day yesterday
was so tired and today we're going to
explore for York so they can look at our
breakfast
thank you forever thank you so much if
you wonder if I'm going to eat it yes
I'm going to eat it all this is one of
our favorite schools in New York
yesterday we had a beat up there and
you're going to see how it was it was
amazing this is a financial district in
New York and on it please I got a pocket
full of these abl million
concrete down you know and Riza made oh
nothing you can do now you're new
[Applause]
these drinks will make you feel brand
new like will my head oh here it Baloo
[Music]
yeah
I have been shopping here like crazy
three years ago so the street is full of
shops oh I need to take a picture here
oh my Instagram
[Applause]
[Music]
three all right leg fifth Travis host o
BK introspective see about that best to
be dependent we're going to be savings
office maybe a wider bigger space nice
and high and you I think we'll need them
right you do because we don't know how
many people are going to show up so I
send them an email
a reminder today oh yeah
[Music]
[Applause]
bye-bye
and pretend bounded up
[Music]
[Applause]
maybe we'll see a video for what 15 does
mute recognizes creep but not yet we
have a friend in stunning Harvard MBA
and he said Shake Shack
Yeah right
I actually agree on MacDonald horrible
fleshy Shack amazing is a lot pressure
okay she does want to be on YouTube
sign was written might read handsome
John pander orchestrated by Don custom
and stolen by me
start spreading the news I am leaving
today we will go up one little Center
right now I've been to two rooftops in
New York already up into the entire
State Building you don't have to go
there you can see why State Building is
the most beautiful building that you
actually want to see in he actually
wanted to be in your pictures
Rockefeller Center is great
[Music]
welcome to one world observatory no fair
the US immigration started also this is
reception limiter and this is where
every immigrant came from the UK or like
Europe and they checked in there and
then LuAnn to explore America this is
what all the American immigration
started Ellis Holly
[Applause]
[Music]